Add podman troubleshooting (#2854)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/configure-cli.md

</Tabs>

> ### Troubleshoot your Podman configuration
> 
> The following error can sometimes occur when the CLI tries to build your Astro Runtime image using Podman:
> 
> ```bash
> WARN[0010] SHELL is not supported for OCI image format, [/bin/bash -o pipefail -e -u -x -c] will be ignored. Must use `docker` format 
> ```
> To resolve this issue, run the following command to set the `BUILDAH_FORMAT` environment variable on your machine:
> ```dockerfile
> export BUILDAH_FORMAT=docker
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Troubleshoot your Podman configuration

The following error can sometimes occur when the CLI tries to build your Astro Runtime image using Podman:

```bash
WARN[0010] SHELL is not supported for OCI image format, [/bin/bash -o pipefail -e -u -x -c] will be ignored. Must use `docker` format 
```

To resolve this issue, run the following command to set the `BUILDAH_FORMAT` environment variable on your machine:

```dockerfile
export BUILDAH_FORMAT=docker
```

```
Small nit but I like to always newline between markdown style types, helps to improve readability and can sometimes resolve formatting issues

</Tabs>

> ### Troubleshoot your configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Troubleshoot your Podman configuration
```

> Sometimes, after you configure Podman, the following error occurs when Astro tries to build container images when running `astro deploy` or `astro dev start`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following error can sometimes occur when the CLI tries to build your Astro Runtime image using Podman:
```

> ```bash
> WARN[0010] SHELL is not supported for OCI image format, [/bin/bash -o pipefail -e -u -x -c] will be ignored. Must use `docker` format 
> ```
> You can resolve this issue by exporting the `BUILDAH_FORMAT` [environment variable](astro/environment-variables.md) to Podman:
> 
> ```dockerfile
> export BUILDAH_FORMAT=docker
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```bash
WARN[0010] SHELL is not supported for OCI image format, [/bin/bash -o pipefail -e -u -x -c] will be ignored. Must use `docker` format 
```

To resolve this issue, run the following command to set the `BUILDAH_FORMAT` environment variable on your machine:

```dockerfile
export BUILDAH_FORMAT=docker
```
````

Reviewer: From the original Slack context, I think this configuration is local only, even when you're building an image to deploy to Astro.
